README.md, before:

# **HackerRank SQL solutions**

## **Description**

### **Domains**

#### **Basic Select Challenges**
     -Revising the Select Query I
     -Revising the Select Query II
     -Select All
     -Select by ID
     -Japanese Cities' Attributes
     -Japanese Cities' Names
     -Weather Observation Station 1
     -Weather Observation Station 3
     -Weather Observation Station 4
     -Weather Observation Station 5
     -Weather Observation Station 6
     -Weather Observation Station 7
     -Weather Observation Station 8
     -Weather Observation Station 9
     -Weather Observation Station 10
     -Weather Observation Station 11
     -Weather Observation Station 12
     -Higher than 75 Marks
     -Employee Names
     -Employee Salaries



#### **Advanced Select Challenges**
     -Type of Triangle
     -The PADS
     -Occupations
     -Binary Tree Nodes
     -New Companies


#### **Aggregation Challenges**
     -Revising Aggregations - The Count Function
     -Revising Aggregations - The Sum Function
     -Revising Aggregations - Averages
     -Average Population
     -Japan Population
     -Population Density Difference
     -The Blunder
     -Top Earners
     -Weather Observation Station 2
     -Weather Observation Station 13
     -Weather Observation Station 14
     -Weather Observation Station 15
     -Weather Observation Station 16
     -Weather Observation Station 17
     -Weather Observation Station 18
     -Weather Observation Station 19
     -Weather Observation Station 20


#### **Basic Join Challenges**
     -Asian Population
     -African Cities
     -Average Population Of Each Continent
     -The Report
     -Top Competitors
     -Ollivander's Inventory
     -Challenges
     -Contest Leaderboard


#### **Advanced Join Challenges**
     -SQL Project Planning
     -Placements
     -Symmetric Pairs
     -Interviews
     -15 Days of Learning SQL


#### **Alternative Query Challenges**
     -Draw the Triangle 1
     -Draw the Triangle 2

Commit message:

Added a description to README file

README.md, after:

# **HackerRank SQL solutions**

## **Description**
This file contains decriptives of the HackerRank SQL questions

### **Domains**

#### **Basic Select Challenges**
     -Revising the Select Query I
     -Revising the Select Query II
     -Select All
     -Select by ID
     -Japanese Cities' Attributes
     -Japanese Cities' Names
     -Weather Observation Station 1
     -Weather Observation Station 3
     -Weather Observation Station 4
     -Weather Observation Station 5
     -Weather Observation Station 6
     -Weather Observation Station 7
     -Weather Observation Station 8
     -Weather Observation Station 9
     -Weather Observation Station 10
     -Weather Observation Station 11
     -Weather Observation Station 12
     -Higher than 75 Marks
     -Employee Names
     -Employee Salaries



#### **Advanced Select Challenges**
     -Type of Triangle
     -The PADS
     -Occupations
     -Binary Tree Nodes
     -New Companies


#### **Aggregation Challenges**
     -Revising Aggregations - The Count Function
     -Revising Aggregations - The Sum Function
     -Revising Aggregations - Averages
     -Average Population
     -Japan Population
     -Population Density Difference
     -The Blunder
     -Top Earners
     -Weather Observation Station 2
     -Weather Observation Station 13
     -Weather Observation Station 14
     -Weather Observation Station 15
     -Weather Observation Station 16
     -Weather Observation Station 17
     -Weather Observation Station 18
     -Weather Observation Station 19
     -Weather Observation Station 20


#### **Basic Join Challenges**
     -Asian Population
     -African Cities
     -Average Population Of Each Continent
     -The Report
     -Top Competitors
     -Ollivander's Inventory
     -Challenges
     -Contest Leaderboard


#### **Advanced Join Challenges**
     -SQL Project Planning
     -Placements
     -Symmetric Pairs
     -Interviews
     -15 Days of Learning SQL


#### **Alternative Query Challenges**
     -Draw the Triangle 1
     -Draw the Triangle 2
